What we see in page, at first load we want to either create new project OR load project
For now lets focus on new project. i see this window as modal or floating window

//// PAGES
[Main Page]
upon load go to main page

this is what i should see:

1. Resources Tab (like sprites, sounds, objects, rooms, functions, scripts, etc...)
2. Toolbar (For Running game, (file) new project, build project and other stuff)

/// Toolbar
// File
like in other software, we also have file tool nav, for creating new, opening existing or save. 
When i click on it, a dropdown must display showing these Items:
 1. New Project
 2. Open Project
 3. Save Project

// Run / play
this button runs the game, itll load all the data first into one object, gather every resources path
then save them in localstorage, have the window open a new tab and redirect user there to test the game
by loading the data in localstorage, if not visited, itll expire in 2 minutes. When the tab is closed
or the browser itl clean up and delete the saved data to prevent bugged game play testing.


/// Resources Tab
// Sprites
lets do sprite composer first, when sprites is right clicked, i can either create a sprite or a folder
adding a folder just creates folder, then in sprite when pressed, itll open a file dialog box
after opening a file dialog box, i can pick png images, when picked, itll load it into a sprite grid floating window
where i should see:

 I. Properties Tab
  -1. Origin
   0. sprite name column field
   1. rows and columns field
   2. width and height field
   3. gap field
   4. Preview Window (Looped animation of what will it look like)
   5. Speed (Set fps to play the animation)

 II. Sprite Image Grid Panel
   1. Grids (boxes) that selectes individual sprites

 III. Actions
   1. Save (Upon save, itll create a json that contains information of that sprite (x, y, w, h) per each box) (save as that file)
   2. Cancel (Which magically closes the floating window.)

Double clicking the sprite will just open the sprite grid floating window 
again with loaded data (corresponds to whats been clicked)

// OBJECTS
thats for sprite, lets now focus on objects:
same as sprite, when right clicked, i can add either object or folder.
When i add an object, this will display a floating window. this is what I should see:

 I. Properties
   1. Name field
   2. Default Sprite (selection from sprites)
   3. Collision Box (select sprites)
   4. Preview Window of playing the default sprite while collision box hovered

 II. Sub Side Nav
   1. On Create Event
   2. On Update Event
   3. On Draw Event
   4. On Destroy Event

 III. Rich Text Editor JavaScript Linting
   1. Save Script
   2. Load Script
   3. Export Script

 IV. Actions
    1. Save Button
    2. Cancel Button
    3. Close Button


// ROOMS
thats for Objects, now imma focus on Rooms.
Same as others, It can create folder and room itself. when i create a room, 
this is what i should see:

 I. Properties 
   1. Name
   2. Width 
   3. height
   4. Grid Size 
   5. Layers (Dynamic) (When one is selected, the others go low opacity)
     * Add Layer Button
     * Name Layer List Item
     * Remove Icon
     * Rename Icon (Label becomes Input. its input just readonly)
   6. Selected Object (Pick from existing objects inside objects folder)
   7. Camera (Object but embeded to each existing room)
     * Width (default 1080px)
     * Height (default 720px)
     * Following (Default to none, but can select object to follow)
     * Panning Movement Speed
     * Filter?

  II. Room Panel 
    1. Grid Area
    2. Camera Border


// SOUNDS 
Besides adding .ogg files or mp3 stuff i dont know what to do, maybe I should make it as object? i dunno.
anyways, so here, like others, when right clicked it can either add a sound or folder. for now lets just drop
mp3 or ogg files in this folder


// SCRIPTS 
Whats this? scripts? whats the difference between scripts and functions?
scripts tend to execute multiple tasks, I can use this for story progressing 
Dialog box or global executions. When right clicked, i can either add script or folder.
WHen adding a script, this is what I should see:

 I. Rich Code Editor JavaScript Linting 
   1. Save Script
   2. Load Script
   3. Export Script
   4. Close Button

// FUNCTIONS 
This is a normal funtion that only tend to execute one task, and it can return something
unlike scripts. and can be used for example collision detections and other logic stuff

 I. Rich Code Editor JavaScript Linting 
   1. Save Script
   2. Load Script
   3. Export Script
   4. Close Button


[Simulate Game / Run Game Page]
at this point the user had pressed the play / run button at toolbar, where itll load the data thats
been saved inside the localstorage, (shows loading). then after load itll render the game via canvas

There are few elements thats need to be present and there are:

 1. Canvas
 2. Side Panel for Console Debugging
 3. Bottom Panel for Debug Window
 4. Debug Overlay on Canvas like FPS or other stuff
